== DropOut-With-Friends

Of the combination effects available in Scriptaculous, Effect.DropOut is one of my favorites. I very much like how it's just
wrapping two simple effects - Move and Opacity - with Effect.Parallel and giving it a clever name. I also like how the name
tells me what's happening. It's dropping out. It's leaving town. It's joining the army, or maybe starting a band. Either way,
it's not here anymore.

Effect.DropOut deserved a twin. BlindUp has BlindDown. Appear has Fade. SlideDown has SlideUp. I thought about it over lunch today
and couldn't decide if the twin to DropOut would be DropIn or PullOut. You see, the name DropOut conveys two unique attributes of the
action. First, the effected element is dropping; it's y-value is increasing. Second, it's becoming invisible; it's opacity is
decreasing.

Thinking in those terms, it became obvious that Effect.DropOut wasn't born a twin, but rather a quadruplet. The full family
is DropOut, DropIn, PullIn and PullOut. That covers all the possible combinations of direction and result. Neat, right?

Oh, and I thought it was silly that DropOut was fixed to 100 pixels of vertical movement, so I just made that a default that
can be changed with the *distance* parameter in the options hash. So now you can control direction, distance and result.

Find the demo at: http://dropout-with-friends.heroku.com/

== Structure & Dependencies
You can find most everything in /public. The core script is at **/public/src/DropOut-With-Friends.js**
DropOut-With-Friends depends on Prototype and Scriptaculous. The most recent versions (at the time of this writing)
are included in the /public/javascripts directory. Everything else in /public supports the demos found
in /public/index.html.

== License
DropOut-With-Friends is licensed under the MIT License:

(c) 2010 J. Flores (http://github.com/jnf)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation 
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, 
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software 
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.